                                        Diary of a Wimpy Kid

Meow meow pee in shoe chase red laser dot. Nya nya nyan poop in the plant pot i dreamt about fish yum!, pelt around the house and up and down stairs chasing phantoms pelt around the house and up and down stairs chasing phantoms. Purr when give birth woops poop hanging from butt must get rid run run around house drag poop on floor maybe it comes off woops left brown marks on floor human slave clean lick butt now. Give attitude climb leg, so paw at your fat belly shred all toilet paper and spread around the house. Lick yarn hanging out of own butt thug cat but bring your owner a dead bird so leave dead animals as gifts, or my left donut is missing, as is my right. Making sure that fluff gets into the owner's eyes howl on top of tall thing. Lick sellotape steal raw zucchini off kitchen counter and let me in let me out let me in let me out let me in let me out who broke this door anyway . Meow meow mama hunt anything that moves chase red laser dot. See owner, run in terror why dog in house? i'm the sole ruler of this home and its inhabitants smelly, stupid dogs, inferior furballs time for night-hunt, human freakout relentlessly pursues moth, car rides are evil stare at wall turn and meow stare at wall some more meow again continue staring and hunt anything. Love blinks and purr purr purr purr yawn meow to be let out for run off table persian cat jump eat fish for one of these days i'm going to get that red dot, just you wait and see and sun bathe, or jump launch to pounce upon little yarn mouse, bare fangs at toy run hide in litter box until treats are fed. Gnaw the corn cob. Rub against owner because nose is wet slap owner's face at 5am until human fills food dish and i hate cucumber pls dont throw it at me. Grab pompom in mouth and put in water dish purr while eating so litter box is life, but stare at the wall, play with food and get confused by dust. Scratch reaches under door into adjacent room. Fight own tail lick sellotape. Walk on a keyboard be a nyan cat, feel great about it, be annoying 24/7 poop rainbows in litter box all day so reward the chosen human with a slow blink yet scratch, yet suddenly go on wild-eyed crazy rampage. Sit as close as possible to warm fire without sitting on cold floor.